
	Geotools2
	=========

Thank you for downloading the GeoTools2 development snapshot.  This is not an official release,
but rather an almost direct grab of the source code as it stood on a recent date. 

There is now sufficient code in a stable condition to warrant more general availability.  The
j2se-demos and svgsupport modules, in particular, contain code which actually does something useful.  

For information on building geotools2, see the guide in the gtbuild module in geotools-src
(geotools-src/gt-build/www/howto-build.html).  For a more general overview of the development
process, see the Developers Guide (a recent copy of which should be included in this release).

There are a number of apsects of this code which are undergoing active change, some at a quite
fundamental level, so expect classes to be renamed or to disappear completely in future snapshots.

If you would like to become more involved in the development of GeoTools2, or even if you would
like to keep up-to-date without waiting for new snapshots, then you should look into setting up
CVS on your computer.  Using CVS will allow you to see the source code in the same way as
developers do and it will allow you to receive updates as often as you like.

Setting up CVS is different for every platform and this is not the right place to go into details
on how to set it up for each one.  A little searching on the web will dig up a client that will work
for you.  Also note that many recent IDEs (e.g. Forte/Netbeans) now include built-in CVS tools.

Once you have CVS set up on your machine, the following should work from the command line.
If you are using a GUI-based CVS client, please refer to the documentation that came with it.

cvs -d:pserver:anonymous@cvs.geotools.org:/cvsroot/geotools login 

cvs -z3 -d:pserver:anonymous@cvs.geotools.org:/cvsroot/geotools co geotools2 

The key details that should let you use any CVS client are:

server: cvs.geotools.org
user: anonymous
password: <none> i.e. just press return or leave blank
cvsroot: /cvsroot/geotools
module: geotools2

You can find out more information about each of the major modules by going to
http://modules.geotools.org  Each module has its own homepage with full javadoc
and lists of tasks which need completing. 

If you are interested in the future development of geotools2 then feel free to join
the geotools-devel mailing list and join in the on the frequent IRC sessions
(details of which are posted to the devel mailing list).  
Note that the devel list is for developers and not users.  If you have more general
queries then please send them to the geotools-discussion mailing list instead.

You can find out more about the mailing lists and about recent news by going to the
geotools homepage at:
http://www.geotools.org

Good luck and many thanks for your interest in GeoTools2

The GeoTools2 development team.

  

